HTCONDOR-2092 fix for bug with late materialization and initialdir (#1904)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/version-history/lts-versions-23-0.rst

  *condor_schedd* that's on the same private network.
  :jira:`2115`

> - Fixed a but that could cause jobs be created incorrectly when a submit
>   filed used :macro:`initialdir` and :macro:`max_idle` or :macro:`max_materialize`
>   in the same submit file.
>   :jira:`2092`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a but that could cause jobs to be created incorrectly when a submit
  filed used :subcom:`initialdir` and :subcom:`max_idle` or :subcom:`max_materialize`
  in the same submit file.
  :jira:`2092`

```

Author: does that work in 23.0 stable?

Reviewer: Totally forgot this was stable... no subcom doesn't, but using macro is also wrong because macro is used for configuration options

Author: pushed your rephrase with a removal of :macro:
